

Main Responsibilities/Tasks:

Test Object department belonging to Test Object & Verification under Vehicle Development area is responsible for the test objects continuous lifecycle during the development process. The Test Object department is responsible for the test objects continuous life cycle during the development process and our fleet consist of various types of vehicles, simulators, rigs and boxcars. The department consist of three sub departments, Advanced Fault tracer SWDL, Test Object Management and Test Object Uptime Support. We are involved throughout the entire process, from planning & defining content to coordinating test object build and usage, including material order to delivery tracking and to secure the latest baseline. This is a cross functional team working closely to ensure the test object usage is optimized and fit for test in accordance with the purpose of build.



The typical task of the Test Object team is to take on the issues raised by the users of the test object. The test objects are located at various locations depending on the test type. The majority is located at workshop Site at Säve and Uni3 at Lindholmen, but test objects can also be at other proving grounds in Sweden, EU and US.

The role of Advanced Fault Tracing Engineer SWDL is a part of the Workshop team within Test Object department with the responsibility to perform complete vehicle delivery services, updates, software downloads, fault tracing, repair work, measurement equipment installations and development work on all test objects. We have a close cooperation with all departments at the company supporting their development, launch activities and tests to be a success.  We secure that the fleet is ready when going on tests. You will be a part of the advanced fault tracer software download team located at Test Site Säve, Gothenburg.



The tasks include:

• Electrical fault tracing raised from rebuild where the configurations are not fully developed and integrated.

• Delivery Service

• Support the product development work by:

o Updating test objects according to project requests

o Support with fault tracing at suppliers

o Report found faults/issues on test objects to affected departments

o Secure timely deliveries with right quality

• Install required measurement equipment

• Repair work

• De-prep after test termination

• Fault tracing of issues raised from VPM (Vehicle Planning Meeting) where lack of functionality is limiting test activities.

• Participate in relevant meetings and also take responsibility to communicate information

• Update Software baseline/Hardware to latest version

• Secure a good working environment with regards to.

o Maintaining a good order in the workshop (5S etc.)

o Performing daily supervision of workshop equipment (tools, lifts, etc.)

o Reporting found faults/issues on tools and facility



Principle within the team is flexibility and the possibility to use what you excel at together with a powerful sense of co-operation; this meaning that you as part of a larger team will also support activities in other areas as well as you will get support on your area Gothenburg and at Uni3 Lindholmen. The aim is to broaden our team members to be able to cover all areas within the team.



Requirements:

Technical Skills:

o Experience from complete vehicle product development and/or software development within automotive industry

o Minimum high school degree in vehicle technology or similar education

o Preferably minimum 5 years’ experience as a workshop mechanic/technician for complete vehicles

o Good complete vehicle knowledge (HW/SW/EV)

o Experienced in electrical fault tracing using computer and relevant programs (VIDA/Lynk DS/DSA or similar)

o Experience from working with measurement and analyzing tools such as CANoe, CANalyzer and INCA

o Skilled mechanical competence – you know how to assemble a vehicle and have hands on experience



Competence:

o Good computer knowledge

o Driving license category B, driving license category BE is a merit

o Certificate for HV-work (power-up/-down)

o Certificate for hot work is a merit

o High level in English, both spoken and written



Personal attributes:

o Team player with a strive for cooperation both within our department but also to our clients

o Strong Self-leadership

o Driven and motivated to take a front position in problem-solving situations but with the sense to balance and secure the right attention from a team perspective

o Structured and self-confident in communicating in both Swedish and English

• Service minded with a will to deliver high-quality work

• A flexible mindset with ability to contribute to quick changes and development



Other:

o Domestic and international travel are required to support off-site testing activities, support the product development organization with regards to updates to, and fault tracing on SW in complete test vehicles and rigs.

o You are not a tester; you are an advanced fault tracer software download expert.



Uppdragsinform​ation​
Uppdragslängd: 2024-03-01 to 2024-09-01

Placeringsort: Göteborg

