

The Crank & PCU group is a part of Powertrain Engineering department. The group is global design responsible and system responsible for the Crank & PCU systems for heavy duty engine range. The group consists of 10 persons. The team dynamic will be considered in the selection process. English and Swedish are the languages we use in the daily interactions. On a daily base we cooperate with the purchasing department, projects representatives, test engineers and suppliers as well as our colleagues at the sites over the globe. Some of the components are developed in collaboration with our suppliers which requires extra attention to commutative and collaboration skills. Our products are used in more than 190 markets and considered to be part of the core business.
The area of our work is in constant change and we need a person XX with the right set of superpowers. The new person XX to complement our team would like to be part of the development of Crank & PCU components that makes it possible for us to fulfil the CO2 neutral requirements of Combustion engines.

XX are structured, communicative, curious and take initiatives to improve the daily work. By default XX have the positive glasses on while maintaining a realistic approach. XX feel that it is important to learn from mistakes and likes to take responsibility for the deliveries from our team. XX is a team player that knows when it is needed to take lead. XX also knows when to speak up in a constructive way. XX value an open and honest environment where trust enables a high performing team.
On top of all the above we need person XX to be eager to learn and inspired to be part of the challenges ahead.

In short: we are looking for a STAR!
The work itself includes leading the technical development in the area of Crank & PCU components for combustion engines mounted on the heavy duty products. It is beneficial if person XX understands the fundamentals of combustion engines and has experience from development of engine components.
Person XX will contribute in a wide set of activities such as provide input to the roadmaps, drive the development work from idea to implementation including maintenance of our components. Person XX will have an important role in the development work as part of the responsibility for the overall delivery. Person XX have to take charge of the needed activities within a global cross functional team from all business areas. Person XX will be part of a team and together we have the platform responsibility for our components. This needs to be embedded in everything that we do.



Uppdragsinform​ation​
Uppdragslängd: 2024-02-01 to 2024-05-24

Placeringsort: Göteborg
