

We are looking for a Development Engineer.
We believe that you have a genuine interest of working within testing and optimization of internal combustion engines and we expect that you have both the knowledge of fundamental combustion theory and experience of developing combustion engines.

About us:
Industrial Development and Calibration within product development is responsible for testing and optimization of both hardware and software regarding performance, emissions and durability of all our industrial combustion engines.

As a Development Engineer, you will be accountable for delivering test and optimization tasks. You will be a part of a project team within the Industrial Development and Calibration team.

Main tasks and responsibilities:
Optimization tasks can be anything from a sensor linearization to final complete engine software setting for production. You will be responsible for delivering the optimization for a specific engine.
We use advanced tools such as ENE and DoE for screening and calibration.
Other tools used are ATI Vision (calibration and data acquisition), DTECS (Volvo specific development tool for embedded control systems) and Concerto (a generic data post-processing and evaluation tool).

We look for a team member who is interested in product development in general, but preferably towards testing and optimization of combustion engines – diesel and alternative fuel powered. Since the job consists of a net of contacts internally and externally, your networking skills are highly valued.

And one last thing, we all spend a significant part of our lives at work, why not make the most of that time by having fun together? At Volvo Penta we believe that it is a crucial part of getting the job done while enjoying the journey forward!

Requirements:
• Master of Science or similar relevant technical experience.
• Several years of experience in combustion engine development.
• Fluent in English, written and spoken.
• Driving license for car.



Uppdragsinform​ation​
Uppdragslängd: 2024-01-15 to 2024-12-31

Placeringsort: Göteborg
