

Senior functional safety engineer
Are you the kind of person who is passionate about functional safety, ISO 26262 and implementation of functional safety concept from Item definition to low level HW/SW design? Would you like to use your passion in the automotive industry and be part of the functional safety concept design team? Would you like to work in a great team with competent and helpful colleagues?

The Team
Our team, “Central functional safety at GTT” is in the heart of a great transformation. We work with developing and design vehicle functional safety concept, supporting all product streams across GTT to do HARA, FSC, TSC , Joint review with supplier and ensure compliancy of our development process and product to state of the arts such as ISO 26262 and ISO 21448 (SOTIF) and also AD standards such as UL 4600.

As Senior Functional Safety Engineer you will be involved in all levels of product development from participating in strategic planning for the group, partner/suppliers’ selection, review Functional Safety Statement of Work (FuS-QDPR), initial concept design and stages of development through to production launch. It will involve interfacing with a variety of groups including electrical engineering and mechatronics engineering as well as customers and suppliers / technical partners.

In this position you will be involve in detail of safety design, requirement review and support teams to do FSC and TSC at system, SW and HW levels which included refinement of requirement to HW and SW and ensure bidirectional traceability.

The main responsibilities entailed in this role are:
Planning and score-keeping of safety test activities (Safety plan) depending on the scope of each specific vehicle project
Drive the development of functional and technical safety concepts within the function, system, subsystem, software, and hardware
Lead functional safety engineering activities for product development teams and develop technical work products.
Co-developing Impact analysis and making recommendations for inclusion of accurate safety criteria in system design and procedures to control or eliminate hazards.
Develop technical work products specific for functional safety requirements, e.g. item definition, criticality analyses, other safety analyses, and test coverage analysis for safety requirements
Support the implementation of functional and technical safety requirements in all parts of the vehicle system design
Support the development of verification and validation strategies within the subsystems, software, and hardware, e.g. hazard and risk assessment (HARA), FTAs, DFMEAs, functional safety concept & technical safety concept (for systems with safety goals or ASIL classified requirements)
Develop and integrate Functional Safety standards and industry common practices into corporate processes according to ISO 26262.
Ensure technical specifications and other work products are prepared, and stored correctly, and revisions are managed and released in timely manner
Ensure that safety plan activities meet program timing.
Align safety related topics with suppliers and customers.

Who are you!
As a person, you have a broad technical know-how combined with very good people skills and a strong belief in agile methods. You have a strong ability to inspire, develop and motivate individuals and teams.

Required qualifications:
M.Sc. or B.Sc. within Electrical, Applied Physics, Mechatronic Engineering
Knowledge of functional safety activities and deliveries according to ISO 26262
Documented experience of working with:
Safety Analyses at HW and SW levels including HW/SW FMEA & FTA, Performing DFA, ensure freedom of Interferences
Specification of the hardware-software interface (HSI)
SW/HW Architecture
HW schematics, BOM list and PMHF Metrics Calculation (ASIL C/D)

Fluent in English, spoken and written
Hand on experience of technical safety concepts and ASIL requirement specifications
Fluent in English, spoken and written
Excellent communication skills.



Uppdragsinform​ation​
Uppdragslängd: 2024-03-01 to 2024-12-31

Placeringsort: Göteborg
