

Lead the Software and Hardware System/Functional Safety design for complex Integrated Electronic Units using the standard ISO 26262 as base. Review, assess, and approve requirements and solution in the area of electrical realized functions, architecture, legal, attributes etc. and its compliance with the standard. The responsibility is cross carlines i.e., all existing and planned vehicles.

Be part of defining the SW and HW architecture so it can comply with the standard.
Be part of develop SW and HW structure and capabilities to comply with the standard.
Be part of develop and implement needed safety mechanisms to comply with the standard.
You need to have enough experience and knowledge in the area to define implementation in time, sequence, and structure and how it interacts with the different interfaces.
You need to have enough experience and knowledge in the area to lead different teams and developers in how and when the area should be documented. Not just the expected document forms but the detailed solutions.
Test and verification of the solutions are also a part of the position as lead , develop and assess as well as documentation.
You need to have enough experience and knowledge in the area to lead different teams and developers in the area.
You will not be alone in develop what`s stated above but collaborate with several teams and a broad network of engineers and interfaces.
Supplier involvement will also be a part of the work, E.G., design reviews, requirement handling, test and verification and assess the result so it complies with the safety requirements.

Do you fit the profile
You have a M.Sc. degree or above in Data engineering, Electrical engineering, Electronics, Mechatronics, or other relevant technical area.
You should have minimum 6 years working experience from cross-functional work in automotive industry with product development in fast-paced environment in the area of base SW and electronics HW development.
Experience from Autosar based design is necessary.
Several years’ Experience in detailed development, HW and SW complying with ISO 26262 is necessary.
You are fluent in English, written and spoken, and you are used to work in a global environment. Clear communication and transparency must come naturally to you, as well as team spirit and strong collaboration within the team and with different stakeholders.
If you have been working previously in agile set-up this would be beneficial for us.
We are looking for you who are self-motivated, initiative and have a strong driving force to make a difference.

If you find yourself in the description above, do not hesitate to apply and grab this opportunity. Volvo cars will offer you simulative environment and opportunity to gain experience and develop your knowledge and international experience.



Uppdragsinform​ation​
Uppdragslängd: 2024-03-04 to 2024-12-31

Placeringsort: Göteborg

